Login: Update greeting customization (v17 + v18) (#8071)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 18/umbraco-cms/model-your-content/content-types-and-structure/backoffice/login.md

The login screen features a greeting text: The "Welcome" headline. This can be personalized by overriding the existing language translation keys.

> To override the greetings, register a 'localization' manifest for the default language of your Umbraco site (usually en-US). Provide the new strings inline under `meta.localizations`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register a 'localization' manifest for the default language of your Umbraco site (default: en-US).
2. Provide the new strings inline under `meta.localizations`:
```

            "type": "localization",
            "alias": "Login.Localize.EnUS",
            "name": "English",
            "meta": {
                "culture": "en-US",
                "localizations": {
                    "login": {
                        "instruction": "Log in again to continue",
                        "greeting0": "Happy super Sunday",
                        "greeting1": "Happy manic Monday",
                        "greeting2": "Happy tubular Tuesday",
                        "greeting3": "Happy wonderful Wednesday",
                        "greeting4": "Happy thunderous Thursday",
                        "greeting5": "Happy funky Friday",
                        "greeting6": "Happy Caturday"
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
{% endcode %}

> This will override the default greetings with the ones you provide. The login screen will now display "Happy super Sunday" instead of "Welcome" on a Sunday. (These are the day-specific greetings the backoffice shipped with before v13 — a nostalgic drop-in replacement for the plain "Welcome".)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the code above will override the default greetings with the ones you provide. The login screen will now display "Happy super Sunday" on Sundays instead of "Welcome".
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> For larger overrides, point `js` at a separate file (`"js": "/App_Plugins/Login/en-us.js"`) instead of using `meta.localizations` inline. The file should export a default object with the same `{ group: { key: value } }` shape.

Author: This is an acceptable use (verbatim example)

> For larger overrides, point `js` at a separate file (`"js": "/App_Plugins/Login/en-us.js"`) instead of using `meta.localizations` inline. The file should export a default object with the same `{ group: { key: value } }` shape.

Author: This is an acceptable use (verbatim example)

{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
**`culture` must match the active UI locale.** The default is `en-US` (`GlobalSettings.DefaultUILanguage`), so on a default install your override extension must declare `culture: "en-US"` to affect the login screen. The keys themselves live in the canonical `en.ts` dictionary under the `login` group, but that does not change which override file is selected at runtime. An override declared with `culture: "en"` only applies when `en` is the active locale, or if locale fallback resolution uses it; it does not replace an active `en-US` override.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> **Renamed in v18: `auth.*` → `login.*`.** Before v18 the login screen had its own dictionary under an `auth` group (`auth.greeting0`, `auth.instruction`, …). In v18 the login screen reuses the shared backoffice dictionary and the keys moved to a `login` group. Existing translation packages still shipping `auth.greeting*` overrides continue to work through v19 with a deprecation warning in the console; the legacy fallback is removed in v20. New packages should target `login.*` directly.

Reviewer: A suggestion to try to avoid too many version-specific references.

```suggestion
**Renamed: `auth.*` → `login.*`.** The login screen previously had its own dictionary under an `auth` group (`auth.greeting0`, `auth.instruction`, …). It now reuses the shared backoffice dictionary, with keys moved to a `login` group. Existing translation packages that still ship with `auth.greeting*` overrides will continue to work through version 19, with a deprecation warning in the console. The legacy fallback will eventually be removed. New packages should target `login.*` directly.
```

If you have added more than one login provider, the users will also see this screen first. This is because they need to choose which provider to use first. In that case, the screen is also referred to as the **Choose provider screen**.

> You can customize the time out screen in the same way as the login screen. From v18 both screens share the same backoffice localization dictionary. The `login.*` keys you override for the login screen automatically apply to the time out screen as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the timeout screen in the same way as the login screen. Both screens share the same backoffice localization dictionary. The `login.*` keys you override for the login screen automatically apply to the timeout screen as well.
```
